You are to use least squares curve fitting (i.e. polyFit.py) to predict the thermal efficiency of a year 2000 steam engine based on Problem 10 of Problem Set 3.2 on page 143 of the textbook (see Kiusalaas_p10_3.2.pdf below).  Using the template script prob3-2-10.py you will determine the best polynomial fit to the data given and then use that polynomial for your prediction. The template is designed to iterate over polynomials of degree 1 through 5 but only graph the fits that are viable (produce reasonable projections of a year 2000 steam engine). A table of predictions is written to stdout and you will be able to verify that you have produced the correct polynomial fits.  You will show that only linear and quadratic projections are viable and your script (when completed) should use Matplotlib to plot all viable polynomial fits using the same x coordinates (years) of the provided data, the data points themselves (year,thermal efficiency) pairs, and the predicted efficiency data point (2000,p(2000)), where p(x) is the current polynomial.  One of the graphs that your script should generate is provided in the degree2fit.png file below.  A graph of both the linear and quadratic polynomial fits is required.   You should upload those image (png) files with your submission.  All Python library routines needed for this assignment (especially polyFit.py) are also provided.  Be aware that when a pop-up graph window is executed by the Python interpreter within a loop, you must kill that window to allow the loop to continue.